# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-credentials
    #   nacos-sdk-python
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
    #   alibabacloud-tea
    #   dashscope
    #   nacos-sdk-python
aiomysql==0.2.0
    # via mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alibabacloud-credentials==1.0.2
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-gateway-pop
    #   alibabacloud-gateway-spi
    #   alibabacloud-tea-openapi
alibabacloud-credentials-api==1.0.0
    # via alibabacloud-credentials
alibabacloud-darabonba-array==0.1.0
    # via alibabacloud-gateway-pop
alibabacloud-darabonba-encode-util==0.0.2
    # via alibabacloud-gateway-pop
alibabacloud-darabonba-map==0.0.1
    # via alibabacloud-gateway-pop
alibabacloud-darabonba-signature-util==0.0.4
    # via alibabacloud-gateway-pop
alibabacloud-darabonba-string==0.0.4
    # via alibabacloud-gateway-pop
alibabacloud-endpoint-util==0.0.4
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-gateway-pop
    #   alibabacloud-kms20160120
alibabacloud-gateway-pop==0.0.9
    # via alibabacloud-kms20160120
alibabacloud-gateway-spi==0.0.3
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-gateway-pop
    #   alibabacloud-tea-openapi
alibabacloud-kms20160120==2.3.1
    # via nacos-sdk-python
alibabacloud-openapi-util==0.2.2
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-gateway-pop
    #   alibabacloud-kms20160120
    #   alibabacloud-tea-openapi
alibabacloud-tea==0.4.3
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-credentials
    #   alibabacloud-tea-util
    #   alibabacloud-tea-xml
alibabacloud-tea-openapi==0.3.16
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-kms20160120
    #   nacos-sdk-python
alibabacloud-tea-util==0.3.13
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-gateway-pop
    #   alibabacloud-kms20160120
    #   alibabacloud-openapi-util
    #   alibabacloud-tea-openapi
alibabacloud-tea-xml==0.0.3
    # via alibabacloud-tea-openapi
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.61.0
    # via mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
apscheduler==3.11.0
    # via alibabacloud-credentials
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
certifi==2025.7.9
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
contextvars==2.4
    # via mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via
    #   mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
    #   alibabacloud-darabonba-signature-util
    #   alibabacloud-openapi-util
    #   dashscope
dashscope==1.24.1
    # via mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via nacos-sdk-python
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
    #   anthropic
    #   mcp
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via mcp
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
immutables==0.21
    # via contextvars
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
jiter==0.10.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via mcp
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mcp==1.11.0
    # via mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mysql-connector-python==9.3.0
    # via mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
nacos-sdk-python==2.0.8
    # via mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
numpy==2.3.2
    # via mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
openai==1.99.1
    # via mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via nacos-sdk-python
psutil==7.0.0
    # via nacos-sdk-python
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.23.0
    # via nacos-sdk-python
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
    #   nacos-sdk-python
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via mcp
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via aiomysql
pypinyin==0.54.0
    # via mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
    #   mcp
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
    #   mcp
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   alibabacloud-tea
    #   dashscope
rich==14.0.0
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
sse-starlette==2.4.1
    # via mcp
starlette==0.47.1
    # via
    #   mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typer==0.16.0
    # via mcp
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   starlette
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via apscheduler
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via
    #   mcp-for-db (pyproject.toml)
    #   mcp
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via dashscope
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
